Update search-region-support.md (#443)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/search/search-region-support.md

| Canada East​​ ​|  |  | ✅ | ✅ |  |
| ​Central US​​ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| East US​ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |  |
| East US 2 ​<sup>1</sup>  | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| Mexico Central |  | ✅ |  |  |  |
| North Central US​ ​| ✅ |  | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| South Central US​ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| West US​​ | ✅ |  | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| West US 2​ ​| ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| West US 3​ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| West Central US​ ​ | ✅ |  | ✅ | ✅ |  |

> <sup>1</sup> This region has capacity constraints in S2,S3,L1,L2 tiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> This region has capacity constraints on the following tiers: S2, S3, L1, and L2.
```
